#summary ISOMediaBoxes.ItemInfoEntryBox Binary Block

= ISOMediaBoxes.!ItemInfoEntryBox Binary Block =


Item Information entry Box {{{'infe'}}}

*Serialization Namespace:*  [Bin_N_MP4 MP4]<br>*Assembly:*  MP4 (in MP4.dll)
== Data Fields ==

[Bin_F_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ISOMFullBox_Version Version]

 Type: *Byte* — an 8-bit (1 byte) unsigned integer <br>The version of this atom.<br>
 
[Bin_F_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ISOMFullBox_Flags Flags]

 Type: *UInt24* — a 24-bit (3 bytes) unsigned integer <br>Future flags.<br>
 
[Bin_F_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ItemInfoEntryBox_ItemID ItemID]

 Type: *UInt16* — a 16-bit (2 bytes) unsigned integer <br>Contains either 0 for the primary resource (e.g. the XML contained in an {{{'xml '}}} box) or the ID of the item for which the following information is defined.<br>
 
[Bin_F_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ItemInfoEntryBox_ItemProtectionIndex ItemProtectionIndex]

 Type: *UInt16* — a 16-bit (2 bytes) unsigned integer <br>Contains either 0 for an unprotected item, or the one-based index into the item protection box defining the protection applied to this item (the first box in the item protection box has the index 1).<br>
 
[Bin_F_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ItemInfoEntryBox_ItemName ItemName]

 Type: *CString* — an encoded character string <br>A null-terminated string in UTF-8 characters containing a symbolic name of the item.<br>
 
[Bin_F_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ItemInfoEntryBox_ContentType ContentType]

 Type: *CString* — an encoded character string <br>The MIME type for the item.<br>
 
[Bin_F_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ItemInfoEntryBox_ContentEncoding ContentEncoding]

 Type: *CString* — an encoded character string <br>An optional null-terminated string in UTF-8 characters used to indicate that the binary file is encoded and needs to be decoded before interpreted. The values are as defined for !Content-Encoding for HTTP /1.1. Some possible values are “gzip”, “compress” and “deflate”. An empty string indicates no content encoding.<br>
 
== Inheritance Hierarchy ==
[Bin_T_MP4_AtomicInfo MP4.AtomicInfo]<br>  [Bin_T_MP4_ISOMediaBoxes_ISOMFullBox MP4.ISOMediaBoxes.ISOMFullBox]<br>    *MP4.ISOMediaBoxes.!ItemInfoEntryBox*<br>
== See Also ==

[Bin_N_MP4 MP4 Serialization Namespace]
